♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse rein I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 20]
I found this when I was
looking for medicine
here.
[Xiaohua's Secrets]
Hua Xiaohua, now that you're in the martial arts world,
have you found friends who will stick with you
through life and death,
a soulmate who knows what you're thinking,
or have you written
the most amazing story in the world?
Maybe not now.
But I believe
one day, you will
have what you desire.
This year
should be Hua Xiaohua's first year in the martial arts world.
She kept
a spare pill in her chamber
in case someone needed it.
What a kind
and resilient girl,
yet taken away during her prime.
You always say
you're the reason why Hua Xiaohua is dead.
But don't forget,
when we were in the peach blossom forest,
it was she
who dispelled
the Peach Blossom Array despite the risk.
She was such a selfless person
who put others
above herself.
You're right.
Wallowing in self-pity
will not bring solace to Xiaohua.
We must find the culprit
and kill him
to avenge her.
Weigui.
We can do this.
You two dummies
finally got yourselves together.
Our close friendship
is not in vain, it seems.
However,
don't just avenge me.
You have to find your memories too.
Better yet,
find a way to cure your regular memory loss.
That way,
you won't forget me.
I won't forget you.
I'm so happy
to have met you two.
I won't be able to travel
with you two in the future.
I will bid farewell here.
May you
get your heart's desires
and be famous all over the world.
Xiaohua!
Weigui.
Ye Zhixin.
I just saw Xiaohua.
She reminded me
of everything we've been through
on our journey.
I know.
You are haunted by your inner demon.
I'm sure Xiaohua didn't want you to succumb to it.
While I was haunted by my inner demon,
I saw scenes from my past.
I'm not sure if it's real or fake.
In my flashback,
the one who killed my family
was Ye Zhixin.
Ye Zhixin?
She had a peculiar ailment,
and she needed the Skysplitter to cure herself.
As Xiao Se's good friend,
my father
was the only one who knew
the whereabouts
of the Skysplitter and Xiao Se.
Ye Zhixin came to get the information,
but my father
wouldn't tell her anything.
Enraged,
she killed my family.
What a ruthless killer.
But she was just a kid.
A sick kid too.
How could she
kill the entire family?
We need
to investigate the truth.
If she truly did it,
we will defeat her
together.
Sure.
Sect Leader,
Weigui and Lei Lingze had fled.
Why don't we
put out a bounty
and tell the martial arts world
that they have the Skysplitter,
thereby
killing them by using other people?
I know you've done many things for me in the past.
However,
while they and I cannot be friends,
I don't want to fight them either.
Sect Leader,
the martial arts world will know sooner or later
that they have the Skysplitter.
When that happens,
they will be hunted down.
Whether you put out the bounty or not,
the outcome will not change.
Please decide at once,
Sect Leader.
Let's proceed as you wish.
Yes.
A bounty of 1,000 taels of gold?
What is this?
The Skysplitter appears.
What is the Skysplitter?
No idea.
[Bounty]
The Skysplitter can rule the world.
- Wow. - As long as we find them
- and get the sword... - Look at them.
... we can rule the world.
They are quite handsome.
Amazing.
The Skysplitter appears.
It is in the hands of Weigui, a wandering hero,
and Lei Lingze, a disciple of Lei Wujie.
We offer a reward of 1,000 taels of gold
and 100 qings of land.
Those with information on their whereabouts
are encouraged to come to us quickly.
Ye Zhixin, Sect Leader of Tianwaitian.
[Bounty]
Where do we go now?
Ye Zhixin
told everyone about us.
I need to bring you back
to Lei's Stronghold
for protection.
Lei's Stronghold?
Yes.
Lei's Stronghold.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
You're so pale.
Is it because of your injury?
Rest here.
I'll find the medicine for you.
No need.
Our priority now
is to bring you back to Lei's Stronghold.
Rest here.
I'll find the medicine for you.
Wait for me.
Martial Senior,
are you sure this is the way?
My sources are reliable.
They are nearby.
Give chase.
Someone saw them heading east.
Keep up.
- Yes! - Yes!
Check properly.
- Yes. - Yes.
Why are the righteous sect members looking for us?
For the bounty, perhaps?
Oh, no. Lei Lingze is there.
Are you Weigui?
After him!
- After him. - Come.
After him.
Keep up.
Why isn't Weigui back yet?
Could it be...
There's no escape.
Surrender now.
[Martial Senior of Lingfeng Sect]
Hand over the Skysplitter.
Attack.
A technique from the Lingfeng Sect.
Come.
Let's go.
Quick.
Eat something.
You killed my family.
I know you hate me
because of your past.
But I had no choice.
My power went rogue during my training.
Only the Skysplitter can save me.
Yet your father wouldn't tell me
where Xiao Se was.
All of you
forced my hand.
Everyone calls me a ruthless killer.
Can't I save myself?
All this time,
we traveled together
and went through life and death.
I've never once tried to kill all of you.
But you two would never
give me the Skysplitter.
How are you any different from me?
I gave it to you once!
Ye Zhixin.
I took you as my friend.
But you killed my family
and my best friend, Hua Xiaohua.
How can I give you the Skysplitter?
Back then,
my father
didn't tell you where Xiao Se was.
Today,
I won't give you the Skysplitter either.
Just die.
Fine.
Your possession
makes you everyone's target.
You are now imprisoned here by the so-called
righteous sects.
Tomorrow,
you'll be interrogated by the Lingfeng Sect.
I won't kill you now.
Let's see
who dies first.
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪